very good greetings from youtube good
Welcome to this new section of the
channel that will be called you knew that in the
which will address issues that surely
you did not know or that you did not imagine that
were real we started
this time we will talk about the animal
largest carnivore that has ever existed
did you know that the carnivorous animal more
great that has existed is called
spinosaurus also known as
lizard of thorns
this great inhabited beast does more than
120 million years in the period
Cretaceous was discovered in Egypt and
he removed his place to the tyrannosaurus rex in
as for large carnivores
An estimated average of 15 to 18 meters
long and they arrived despite 9 to 20
tons to give you an idea of
how much is this so to equal your weight
you would have to put four elephants
Africans on a scale and that's how they would think
the same
this dinosaur was famous because the
vertebrae of his back had some
very long thorns it is believed that these
thorns had a function of
thermoregulation in the case of an animal
cold-blooded like lizards
current
it is believed that this is pine 1 saurians
he also liked to be in the water what
that allowed him to have food to spare
Well, this has been the animal
largest carnivore known in the
history of humanity I hope and you
have liked and see you in the next
Did you know that remember to leave your like if you
liked the video and if you want it to continue
this section until next time